docs: add reference docs and guides for custom resources (#334)
Kong/kubernetes-ingress-controller: docs/guides/using-kongplugin-resource.md

# Using KongPlugin resource

In this guide, we will learn how to use KongPlugin resource to configure
plugins in Kong to modify requests for a specific request path.

> Plugins will be configured for a specific service, a set of Ingress rules

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The guide will cover configuring a plugin for a specific service, a set of Ingress rules
```

> and even for a specific user of the API.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
and for a specific user of the API.
```

## Installation

Please follow the [deployment](../deployment) documentation to install
Kong Ingress Controller onto your Kubernetes cluster.

## Testing connectivity to Kong

> This guide assumes that `PROXY_IP` environment varialbe is

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This guide assumes that `PROXY_IP` environment variable is
```

set to contain the IP address or URL pointing to Kong.
If you've not done so, please follow one of the
[deployment guides](../deployment) to configure this environment variable.

> If everything is setup correctly, making a request to Kong should return back

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If everything is setup correctly, making a request to Kong should return 
```

> a HTTP 404 Not Found.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
HTTP 404 Not Found.
```

```bash
$ curl -i $PROXY_IP
HTTP/1.1 404 Not Found
Date: Fri, 21 Jun 2019 17:01:07 GMT
Content-Type: application/json; charset=utf-8
Connection: keep-alive
Content-Length: 48
Server: kong/1.2.1

{"message":"no Route matched with those values"}
```

> This is expected since Kong doesn't know how to proxy the request yet.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is expected as Kong doe not yet know how to proxy the request.
```

## Installing sample services

> We will start by installing two services for the purpose of this demo,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We will start by installing two services,
```

$ echo "apiVersion: configuration.konghq.com/v1
kind: KongPlugin
metadata:
  name: httpbin-auth
plugin: key-auth
" | kubectl apply -f -

kongplugin.configuration.konghq.com/httpbin-auth created
```

Next, we will associate this plugin to the httpbin service running in our
cluster:

```bash
kubectl patch service httpbin -p '{"metadata":{"annotations":{"plugins.konghq.com":"httpbin-auth"}}}'
service/httpbin patched
```

Now, any request sent to the service will require authentication,
no matter which Ingress rule it matched:

```bash
$ curl -I $PROXY_IP/baz
HTTP/1.1 401 Unauthorized
Date: Wed, 17 Jul 2019 22:09:04 GMT
Content-Type: application/json; charset=utf-8
Connection: keep-alive
WWW-Authenticate: Key realm="kong"
Content-Length: 41
Server: kong/1.2.1

$ curl -I $PROXY_IP/foo
HTTP/1.1 401 Unauthorized
Date: Wed, 17 Jul 2019 22:12:13 GMT
Content-Type: application/json; charset=utf-8
Connection: keep-alive
WWW-Authenticate: Key realm="kong"
Content-Length: 41
demo:  injected-by-kong
Server: kong/1.2.1
```

You can also see how the `demo` header was injected as the request also
matched one of the rules defined in the `demo` Ingress resource.

## Configure consumer and credential

> Follow the [Using Consumers and Credentials] guide to provision a user and

Reviewer: missing link
